RECIPES.rst, before:

Recipes
=======
This is a list of recipes for getting stuff done with this project.

Setting up
==========
Follow the setup from afrims

Fork Afrims
=======
Forked afrims
forked on github
git clone
cd
git remote add upstream

cp localsettings.py.example localsettings.py

modify to use sqlite

# should be able to run it now

Make sure you have virtualenv setup correctly
=====
virtualenv afrims-dev
source afrims-dev/bin/activate

Recommended dir structure
======
dev\
    (under git control)
    afrims-paging\
        afrims\
        requirements\
        services\

    afrims-dev

Setup ~/.bash_profile shortcuts:
======
alias rapafv='source ~/nSource/rapidsms/afrims-dev/bin/activate'
alias rapaf='cd ~/nSource/rapidsms/afrims-paging/afrims'
alias mg='./manage.py'

Setup Pycharm
========
Choose the correct python interpreter in project settings
i.e. the one from afrims-dev/bin

Get the latest version of rapidsms
=======
    pip uninstall rapidsms
    pip install git+git://github.com/rapidsms/rapidsms.git#egg=RapidSMS

##### Setup rtwilio
cd ~/nSource/rapidsms
git clone https://github.com/caktus/rapidsms-twilio.git
cd rapidsms-twilio
python setup.py install
# not currently working b/c of Account error
self.account = twilio.Account(self.config['account_sid'],
AttributeError: 'module' object has no attribute 'Account'

##### Setup kannel
# allow vm kannel to accept message from my host
sshb
# ssh into my virtual box with kannel installed

#BOXPATH=/usr/local/kannel/sbin
#PIDFILES=/var/run/kannel
#CONF=/etc/kannel/kannel.conf

# check to see that it is running
http://192.168.1.203:13000/status

# check to make sure you can send a test message
http://192.168.1.203:13013/cgi-bin/sendsms?username=opencellpager&password=PASSWORD&to=+16175551111&text=hello_world

# log files
sudo tail -f /tmp/kannel.log /tmp/smsbox.log /tmp/modem.log /tmp/access.log

# connect the modem, check it with screen /dev/ttyS0 (remember ^a-k exits)
screen /dev/ttyS0
# to reset the modem (if it is failing on CPIN)
AT+CFUN=1

# check that the process is running
ps ax | grep kannel

# edit config
sudo vim /etc/kannel/kannel.conf

# restart kannel
sudo /etc/init.d/kannel restart

# the best way to check that this is working is to:
127.0.0.1/admin
Add a contact e.g. narath
Add a connection: kannel, your google voice number here
Then using google voice - send a message to the server with either 'echo' or 'ping'
if all is working then it will send and receive

Commit message:

Basic version running, local logo not working yet

RECIPES.rst, after:

Recipes
=======
This is a list of recipes for getting stuff done with this project.

Django recipes
=====



Setting up
==========
Follow the setup from afrims

Fork Afrims
=======
Forked afrims
forked on github
git clone
cd
git remote add upstream

cp localsettings.py.example localsettings.py

modify to use sqlite

# should be able to run it now

Make sure you have virtualenv setup correctly
=====
virtualenv afrims-dev
source afrims-dev/bin/activate

Recommended dir structure
======
dev\
    (under git control)
    afrims-paging\
        afrims\
        requirements\
        services\

    afrims-dev

Setup ~/.bash_profile shortcuts:
======
alias rapafv='source ~/nSource/rapidsms/afrims-dev/bin/activate'
alias rapaf='cd ~/nSource/rapidsms/afrims-paging/afrims'
alias mg='./manage.py'

Setup Pycharm
========
Choose the correct python interpreter in project settings
i.e. the one from afrims-dev/bin

Get the latest version of rapidsms
=======
# you actually need the Dimagi version at this time

    pip uninstall rapidsms
    pip install git+https://github.com/dimagi/rapidsms.git#egg=RapidSMS

Setup the db
=====
./manage.py syncdb
./manage.py migrate

To Setup kannel
======
# allow vm kannel to accept message from my host
sshb
# ssh into my virtual box with kannel installed

#BOXPATH=/usr/local/kannel/sbin
#PIDFILES=/var/run/kannel
#CONF=/etc/kannel/kannel.conf

# check to see that it is running
http://192.168.1.203:13000/status

# check to make sure you can send a test message
http://192.168.1.203:13013/cgi-bin/sendsms?username=opencellpager&password=PASSWORD&to=+16175551111&text=hello_world

# log files
sudo tail -f /tmp/kannel.log /tmp/smsbox.log /tmp/modem.log /tmp/access.log

# connect the modem, check it with screen /dev/ttyS0 (remember ^a-k exits)
screen /dev/ttyS0
# to reset the modem (if it is failing on CPIN)
AT+CFUN=1

# check that the process is running
ps ax | grep kannel

# edit config
sudo vim /etc/kannel/kannel.conf

# restart kannel
sudo /etc/init.d/kannel restart

# the best way to check that this is working is to:
127.0.0.1/admin
Add a contact e.g. narath
Add a connection: kannel, your google voice number here
Then using google voice - send a message to the server with either 'echo' or 'ping'
if all is working then it will send and receive
